# Python-Keylogger-with-Shell-command
Keylogger with reverse shell command (base client server model).

Written in Python  3 , A keylogger is a program that records your keystrokes and sends them to the server.
This Keylogger sends all input of the user to the server and generates a reverse shell program,
So you can run all the command in the workstation of the client and gets the output (including errors).
In addition, the program puts itself to Scheduled tasks (in Windows).
I checked the program with multiple antiviruses and it is undetectable by antivirus software (to this day).

Using:
1. First, need to run Server.py file (need to enter flags: -i IP address for listening and -p to listening Port).
2. Neet to run ShellServer.py file (need to enter flags: -i IP address for listening and -p to listening Port).
3. Run the Keylogger file and the program does the actions and automatically generates a new python file(ClientShell.py)
   and runs the file in a different thread.

The file that was generated by Keylogger (ClientShell.py) get the listen port of the Keylogger and add to this port 1,
if the port in Keylogger is 5000 then the port in ClientShell.py is 5001.

All the packets encoded with Base64.
The location of Scheduled tasks is: "Computer\HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Run"

optional arguments to Servers:

  -h, --help   show this help message and exit
  
  -i , -ip     IP that the server was listening
  
  -p , -port   Port that the server was listening
